unhappy with the iphone photo League of
the Batmobile from the movie set Zack
Snyder released his own official image
of the Batmobile let's take a look you
may notice prominently on the hood
appears to be machine guns guns of some
sort many people aren't pleased with
this aspect what do you think of the new
Batmobile design it looks really
American American American American it
looks American is fucked if you ask me
know every Zack Snyder you know he's got
really good imagery and I think it looks
like a beast it looks like a beast it
looks badass I the guns you like to
scout guns see a lot of people have been
saying well the criticism to this is
Batman has a no-kill policy and it seems
pretty messy to put a hood mounted
machine gun on the on the car okay but
we know when Batman uses his guys he
uses it the shoot down like building so
he can drive through them easier yes he
has shitty be driving through Goodings I
don't know but then again Superman is
flinging people through buildings and
destroying everything around it was a
man of steel yeah there's no other
problems with Man of Steel I think there
are issues to be had with zack snyder
movies maybe this isn't the bet the
worst offense or most negative i
guarantee you he's gonna be shooting
that gun and driving through buildings
and so you're not gonna shoot anybody
but he's good there's a guy you know no
he's not gonna GTA anybody he's just
gonna probably like see it building and
shoot shoot like the pillars out and
didn't ride through it and there might
be people in there who knows I mean
they're like I said a lot of people in
the buildings when manastir was like
flying through him so Man of Steel had
severe issues with their portrayal of
Superman and what he's about and I think
so i think he was portrayed as more of a
child than a person who cares about
humanity and has a certain morals that
are hard to stick to but
is way off topic Batmobile doesn't it
seem so strange um that Batman is kind
of a brainy detective right yeah that's
his that's one of the core aspects of
him doesn't seem strange to mount a gun
on the hood but also you also have to
consider on the other side this is not
the first time there has been a gun on
the Batmobile others it's appeared in
movies if have you played arkham knight
there's a prominent going on on that car
definitely I mean it's one of those
things where I guess if you are Batman
you are you know a vigilant who's trying
to our vigilante who's trying to protect
people you want to be preparing any case
anything can happen you want to be
prepared for it you know so why is
better to be caught with him than
without them and maybe that's why Batman
has the guns on his car uh well you know
he's not super powered like Superman
exactly maybe they're non-lethal guns or
maybe like that you said it's more for
like maybe there's hope maybe they shoot
kryptonite drink a lot tranquilizers and
you know when he does come across
Superman and if they're fighting in some
capacity he can shoot him with the
tranquilizers and that's what was in the
gun the entire time internet shut up
well I think it's fair to be a little
dubious no no it definitely is i'm just
messin i'm trolling it's definitely i
understand people's concerns so i always
die always think like Batman needs to be
like you know for justice and stuff like
that yeah oh I just think it's better
that he has them and then doesn't have
them and it is kind of sad that like I
wish they wouldn't like if he did have
those guns it would have been a surprise
and maybe like during the movie they
would need to top out popped out instead
of just having them in the picture cuz
now but I think this is a talking point
that's probably why they did it so we
would be talking about yeah but it's
just okay maybe I would understand if it
weren't someone else's hands but Zack
Snyder has been he's been messy with the
characters he hasn't always done things
in a way that I felt was true though you
know you can also argue that comic book
movies don't have to follow comic books
and it can be considered a you but I
think that's where a lot of people are
like dubious about
is what are you doing with those X
nighter what plans do you have for those
yeah I don't know if I trust you fully
you know what maybe they think that he's
going to like do what I said basically
dropping buildings with their our shoot
people like a bad guy maybe he'll shoot
like bad guys with it there's two face
ok he's dead yeah yeah it would probably
be like henchman you know the same ones
they hang like pains valuable too yeah
like to Batman no no I'm not I don't
think he should be shooting anybody you
know her killing anybody i'm just saying
that that might be why they're there
like if there's like a flock of you know
bad henchmen that he's no they're all
shooting at his car and he have
something to shoot back in some kind of
neutralizer yeah or maybe he'll shoot
like the building above them the rocks
with crumbled on top delivers kill them
they won't save that go and you in anals
and unless you actually see the violence
screen it's not a death so that only
read it's for important characters I
think I don't know then all those
transformer movies had a lot of bodies
then oh yeah oh we're gonna talk about
Michael Bay doubt no I'm just saying I
mean well like I say even last super me
all those movies where that stuff
happens there's a lot of bodies that
need to be accounted for yeah for sure
hmm well I think we're at an impasse
about what it could possibly be what do
you think of the guns mounted on the
Batmobiles hood are they for purposes of
killing doesn't misunderstand Batman or
have we misunderstood as the audience
looking at a sneak peek of this movie
that we haven't even seen anything about
yet what do you think let us know below
in the comments and please support the
show and subscribe
you